_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I received my Master's degree from the [University of Science and Technology of China](https://en.ustc.edu.cn)(USTC) in June 2025, advised by Prof. [Mengxiao Zhu](https://sites.google.com/site/mengxiaozhu/home?authuser=0) (Computational Social Science) and Prof. [Jiahong Yuan](https://openreview.net/profile?id=%7EJiahong_Yuan1) (Linguistics/CS). I hold a B.E. in Materials Science & Engineering from the [Harbin Institute of Technology](https://en.hit.edu.cn) (HIT). I gained valuable industry experience as an intern on [Baidu's ERNIE Bot team](https://research.baidu.com/Blog/index-view?id=183), focusing on large language models.

My research leverages cross-disciplinary insights from Computational Social Science, Speech & Language Processing, and Explainable AI to tackle complex questions surrounding social phenomena and human behavior.



Currently, I am continuing my research with Prof. Jiahong Yuan at USTC while actively seeking PhD opportunities for Fall 2026 in Computational Social Science.



Research Interests 
------

**Computational Social Science**: I investigate how different communication modalities (text, audio, video) shape distinct public health narratives and sentiment patterns on social media, using the HPV vaccine as a key case study.


**Speech and Language for Clinical Informatics**: I develop and apply computational methods to analyze speech patterns, aiming to identify linguistic biomarkers for the early detection of neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's.


**Explainable AI**: I apply Explainable AI (XAI) methods to uncover and address performance gaps in clinical diagnostic models, aiming to build more robust, fair, and trustworthy systems for healthcare.




Selected Awards
------

National Third Prize, The 5th Communication Data Mining Competition 2023

Excellent Academic Scholarship, Graduate School, USTC 2023




Professional Activities
------
Program Committee Member/Reviewer, ICWSM26

Volunteer, International Communication Association (ICA) Regional Hub at Hefei, China

Commit message:

Enhance research interests description in about.md
Updated the text to include additional research areas in the PhD opportunities section.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I received my Master's degree from the [University of Science and Technology of China](https://en.ustc.edu.cn)(USTC) in June 2025, advised by Prof. [Mengxiao Zhu](https://sites.google.com/site/mengxiaozhu/home?authuser=0) (Computational Social Science) and Prof. [Jiahong Yuan](https://openreview.net/profile?id=%7EJiahong_Yuan1) (Linguistics/CS). I hold a B.E. in Materials Science & Engineering from the [Harbin Institute of Technology](https://en.hit.edu.cn) (HIT). I gained valuable industry experience as an intern on [Baidu's ERNIE Bot team](https://research.baidu.com/Blog/index-view?id=183), focusing on large language models.

My research leverages cross-disciplinary insights from Computational Social Science, Speech & Language Processing, and Explainable AI to tackle complex questions surrounding social phenomena and human behavior.



Currently, I am continuing my research with Prof. Jiahong Yuan at USTC while actively seeking PhD opportunities for Fall 2026 in Computational Social Science, speech and language processing, and related areas..



Research Interests 
------

**Computational Social Science**: I investigate how different communication modalities (text, audio, video) shape distinct public health narratives and sentiment patterns on social media, using the HPV vaccine as a key case study.


**Speech and Language for Clinical Informatics**: I develop and apply computational methods to analyze speech patterns, aiming to identify linguistic biomarkers for the early detection of neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's.


**Explainable AI**: I apply Explainable AI (XAI) methods to uncover and address performance gaps in clinical diagnostic models, aiming to build more robust, fair, and trustworthy systems for healthcare.




Selected Awards
------

National Third Prize, The 5th Communication Data Mining Competition 2023

Excellent Academic Scholarship, Graduate School, USTC 2023




Professional Activities
------
Program Committee Member/Reviewer, ICWSM26

Volunteer, International Communication Association (ICA) Regional Hub at Hefei, China
